---
geometry: margin=1in
---
# Artifact Abstract for Semantic Analysis of Macro Usage for Portability
<!--
The abstract should include the paper title, the purpose of the research
artifact, the badge(s) you are claiming, and the technology skills assumed by
the reviewer evaluating the artifact. Please also mention if running your
artifact requires any specific Operating Systems or other, unusual environments.
-->
This is the artifact abstract for the ICSE 2024 paper, *Semantic Analysis of
Macro Usage for Portability*. This artifact provides the source code of Maki,
the tool described in the paper, and instructions on how to run Maki to
replicate the results originally reported in the paper. The paper's original
results are also included so that one may cross-reference them against the
results they obtain while attempting to replicate them.

We claim the **available** and **reusable** badges. We believe this artifact
deserves the available badge because it is publicly available on Zenodo at
https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7783131 (DOI 10.5281/zenodo.7783131). We believe this
artifact deserves the reusable badge because it includes instructions for
reproducing all the paper's major results, along with a dataset one may verify
them against. This artifact also utilizes Docker to facilitate reuse, as
recommended in the ICSE 2024 Call for Artifact Submissions.

A reviewer who wishes to evaluate this artifact must be familiar with Docker and
the Linux command line. Clang and Python experience is advised, but not
essential. A reviewer will need Docker to run the artifact, and should have a
device with at least 8 threads and 8GB of RAM. "Kicking the tires" and
replicating a portion of the paper's original results should take about 20
minutes of time and 2GB of storage memory. Replicating the paper's full results
would require over two weeks of time and 620GB of storage memory. The artifact
does not require any specific operating system or environment to run.